readme.md, before:

# gulp-react-boilerplate
Boilerplate for developing React App with Browserify and Gulp, with Server Side as Express with Browser-Sync.


## What is this?
It is a just boilerplate for developing React Application with Browserify + Express + Gulp + Browser-Sync.


## Features
- Express
- Livereload (feat. Browser-Sync), also support remote Livereload via Browser-Sync proxy
- SASS compiling
- JS/CSS/HTML minification on production build
- ES2015 Support
- React Support
- Class Properties
- ES7 Async & Await
	- Yes, it uses babel-polyfill. If you feeling that babel-polyfill is too heavy, remove from depedencies and your code, but you cannot use Async & Await anymore. I recommend that just use it, but if you really hate it, then you can use ES6 Generator Coroutine instead.
- ESNext Decorators
- ESLint
- JSX Source Mapping(babel-plugin-transform-react-jsx-source)


## To Start
This project will provides as minimal as possible, so if you want to add some more functionalities, you have to add manually.
If you want to looking for exactly same, but want to use TypeScript, follow this [link](https://github.com/rico345100/gulp-react-typescript-boilerplate).

Basic usage:

```bash
$ npm install
```

To install all dependencies first. Note that you must installed gulp globally if you didn't.
```bash
$ npm install -g gulp
```

Now run the default task, which build all resources and automatically run browser-sync to serve your resources.
```bash
$ gulp
```


## Tasks
### gulp default
By default, will proceed these steps:

1. Build HTML/SCSS/JS
2. Start Express server and initiate browser-sync
3. Watch all changes and refresh or inject(scss as css only) your client resources.

### gulp serve
Start server with Express, also initiate Browser-Sync with Express server.
Express will uses port number in config.json(default 3000), and Browser-Sync will uses proxyPort number in config.json(default 4000).
After you change your server side code, nodemon will restarts Express server automatically.
If you change your clients side resources, browser-sync will reload or inject client resources automatically.

### gulp build
Build all resources.

### gulp build::html
Build HTML resources. In production build, it uses gulp-htmlmin to minify HTML.

### gulp build::scss
Build SCSS resources. In production build, it uses gulp-cssnano to minify CSS.

### gulp build::script
Build JS resources. It will create two scripts, vendor.js and bundle.js.
vendor.js contains common scripts and bundle.js contains actual your code.


## Production Build
To set your application production mode, simply update "environment" inside of config.json to "production".
Also don't run your server with "gulp serve" in production state!


## One time build
If you want to build only just one time, simply just add --once option.
```bash
$ gulp build --once
```

This will no watch files and gulp will finish when it's all built.


## License
MIT. Free to use. Also this project will gonna update continuously.

Commit message:

Added removing persistify cache task

readme.md, after:

# gulp-react-boilerplate
Boilerplate for developing React App with Browserify and Gulp, with Server Side as Express with Browser-Sync.


## What is this?
It is a just boilerplate for developing React Application with Browserify + Express + Gulp + Browser-Sync.


## Features
- Express
- Livereload (feat. Browser-Sync), also support remote Livereload via Browser-Sync proxy
- SASS compiling
- JS/CSS/HTML minification on production build
- ES2015 Support
- React Support
- Class Properties
- ES7 Async & Await
	- Yes, it uses babel-polyfill. If you feeling that babel-polyfill is too heavy, remove from depedencies and your code, but you cannot use Async & Await anymore. I recommend that just use it, but if you really hate it, then you can use ES6 Generator Coroutine instead.
- ESNext Decorators
- ESLint
- JSX Source Mapping(babel-plugin-transform-react-jsx-source)


## To Start
This project will provides as minimal as possible, so if you want to add some more functionalities, you have to add manually.
If you want to looking for exactly same, but want to use TypeScript, follow this [link](https://github.com/rico345100/gulp-react-typescript-boilerplate).

Basic usage:

```bash
$ npm install
```

To install all dependencies first. Note that you must installed gulp globally if you didn't.
```bash
$ npm install -g gulp
```

Now run the default task, which build all resources and automatically run browser-sync to serve your resources.
```bash
$ gulp
```


## Tasks
### gulp default
By default, will proceed these steps:

1. Build HTML/SCSS/JS
2. Start Express server and initiate browser-sync
3. Watch all changes and refresh or inject(scss as css only) your client resources.

### gulp serve
Start server with Express, also initiate Browser-Sync with Express server.
Express will uses port number in config.json(default 3000), and Browser-Sync will uses proxyPort number in config.json(default 4000).
After you change your server side code, nodemon will restarts Express server automatically.
If you change your clients side resources, browser-sync will reload or inject client resources automatically.

### gulp build
Build all resources.

### gulp build::html
Build HTML resources. In production build, it uses gulp-htmlmin to minify HTML.

### gulp build::scss
Build SCSS resources. In production build, it uses gulp-cssnano to minify CSS.

### gulp build::script
Build JS resources. It will create two scripts, vendor.js and bundle.js.
vendor.js contains common scripts and bundle.js contains actual your code.

### gulp clear::cache
Remove all caches. Currently it only deletes cache file of persistify, which is located in ./node_modules/flat-cache/.cache.
Use it when you added new node modules but Browserify didn't recognize that.


## Production Build
To set your application production mode, simply update "environment" inside of config.json to "production".
Also don't run your server with "gulp serve" in production state!


## One time build
If you want to build only just one time, simply just add --once option.
```bash
$ gulp build --once
```

This will no watch files and gulp will finish when it's all built.


## License
MIT. Free to use. Also this project will gonna update continuously.
